what's up world Alaric here on the tech
of tomorrow youtube channel and we got
something cool for you guys now you guys
know we made the 18k contest that's
writes my gang sign k 18k brother we hit
it thanks to all you guys much love now
but that said we're going to have the
new 20k contest that's right every 2000
we have a contest for you guys now
what's up with this contest well this is
once again for 20 K sub so basically all
you have to do to this thing we'd
appreciate if you like the video and
leave a comment saying hey give me this
stuff bitch that's right give me the
stuff bitch so I don't see that I'm not
sending you the shit that's just all
there is to it we got two prizes to give
away one for America and one for
international that's right this way we
get the best of both worlds it's going
to work out pretty good this time right
here behind me I've got a couple
products here i'm gonna pick them up and
we're going to talk about them so for
you folks in America we have the
rosewill headset now these are the
vibrating headset you guys saw these are
the unboxing of these now not only are
these a headset if you're feeling kind
of tired you don't want to please your
girl you just let her use those and she
will vibrate her way to pleasure with
these headphones that's right there a
self pleasuring device that's right it's
really cool so you guys in America you
guys get the headphone / girl pleaser
that's for you folks now for those in
Europe I've got a battlefield 3 code
that's right guess what this eliminates
all that bull should i have with getting
companies of ship stuff all over the
world no shipping involved the winner in
europe gets a battlefield 3 code that's
it so this is pretty simple contest here
at Tekken tomorrow all you got to do is
uh you know like the video we hit the 20
K sub contest leave us a little comment
below saying give me the stuff bitch and
then there are going to be two lucky
winners once again America it's these
battlefield 3 code gets that lets that
see the fuck later